Create ui-c8y-1020-0-0-navigator-nodes-are-now-correctly-removed-when-refreshing-the-sub-assets.md (#2097)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-0-0-navigator-nodes-are-now-correctly-removed-when-refreshing-the-sub-assets.md

---
date: ""

> title: Navigator nodes are now correctly removed when refreshing the sub-assets grid after removing groups via API.

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Sub-assets grid refreshes correctly after removing groups via API
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-58562
version: 1020.0.0
---

> Navigator nodes are now correctly removed when refreshing the sub-assets grid after removing groups via API.

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In the Cumulocity IoT user interface, the sub-assets grid in the Device Management application did not always refresh correctly after removing a group of devices via the API. This caused the grid to still show the group and its devices even though they had already been removed. With this fix, the sub-assets grid now correctly refreshes after a group is removed via the API and does not show the removed group and devices anymore.
```
